grandfather(jono,dani). true
grandmother(jono,dani). false
grandmother(X,sri).     x = sri
grandfather(X,jidan).   x = juni

father(X,Y).            x = dani, y=jidan   karena dani paling awal

brother(adit,dani).
brother(X,dani).

cousin(sri,dani).       true
cousin(sri,bunga).      true
cousin(adit,sri).       true
cousin(adit,dani).      false

greatgrandmother(jono,jidan).   false
greatgrandmother(siti,jidan).   true
greatgrandmother(jia,jidan).    false

brother_of_grandparent(X,jidan).        riski
brother_of_grandparent(riski,jidan).    true
brother_of_grandparent(astuti,jidan).   false
sister_of_grandparent(riski,jidan).     false
sister_of_grandparent(astuti,jidan).    true
sister_of_grandparent(siti,bunga).      false


sister_in_law(jia,bunga).       true
sister_in_law(astuti,dwi).      false
sister_in_law(dwi,astuti).      true
brother_in_law(akbar,riski).    true

aunt(sri,jidan).        true
aunt(bunga,jidan).      true
uncle(akbar,dani).      true
uncle(riski,adit).      true
uncle(riski,sri).       true

nothing_relations
1. jia -> riski
2. jidan -> akbar


